[ra2] clarify inf.ntw.02 (#3215)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter02.rst

   * - inf.ntw.02
     - Infrastructure
     - Network

>      - The Architecture must support fully redundant network connectivity to the Kubernetes 

Reviewer: what is fully redundant?
```suggestion
     - The Architecture must support redundant network connectivity to the Kubernetes 
```

>        nodes. At least two physical network connections per Kubernetes node are required.

Reviewer: as the Kubernetes node can be virtual, can we really state, "two physical network connections"? Since there is a sentence for "virtualized", suggest making this for physical Kubernetes node.
```suggestion
       nodes. At least two physical network connections are required for each physical Kubernetes node.
```

>        For virtualised nodes, redundant network interfaces backed by redundant physical

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       For virtualized Kubernetes nodes, redundant network interfaces backed by redundant physical
```

Author: @pgoyal01 thanks, have included your suggestions

     - Infrastructure
     - Network
     - The Architecture must support fully redundant network connectivity to the Kubernetes
       nodes, leveraging at least two physical network connections per node. If the node is
       virtualised, the redundant network interfaces must be implemented on the Hypervisor

>        host.

Reviewer: what is a "hypervisor host"?
what is stated here is confusing. Would the following work (see [kubevirt](https://kubevirt.io/user-guide/virtual_machines/interfaces_and_networks/):

The Architecture must support fully redundant network connectivity to the Kubernetes nodes, viz., at least two (2) physical network connections per Kubernetes node. For virtualised nodes, redundant network interfaces, backed by the physical networks, are added to the VM.

Author: @pgoyal01 I have updated this in https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/pull/3215/commits/9f0a250ff2e5e70be11b92c5ff3d751451a6125e , please let me know if ok, thanks
